README.md, before:

# Politree

A Ruby gem to generate a tree view of your **HCL** Vault policies files.

[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/politree.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/rb/politree)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/anouvel/politree.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/anouvel/politree)

> This project is really in an earlier development phase, please feel free to
> contribute, share or submit your ideas!

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'politree'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install politree

## Usage

```
# Create a exemple file
$ cat > exemple.hcl << EOL
# Allow tokens to look up their own properties
path "auth/token/lookup-self" {
    capabilities = ["read"]
}

# Allow tokens to renew themselves
path "auth/token/renew-self" {
    capabilities = ["update"]
}

# Allow tokens to revoke themselves
path "auth/token/revoke-self" {
    capabilities = ["update"]
}

# Allow a token to look up its own capabilities on a path
path "sys/capabilities-self" {
    capabilities = ["update"]
}

# Allow a token to renew a lease via lease_id in the request body; old path for
# old clients, new path for newer
path "sys/renew" {
    capabilities = ["update"]
}
path "sys/leases/renew" {
    capabilities = ["update"]
}

# Allow looking up lease properties. This requires knowing the lease ID ahead
# of time and does not divulge any sensitive information.
path "sys/leases/lookup" {
    capabilities = ["update"]
}

# Allow a token to manage its own cubbyhole
path "cubbyhole/*" {
    capabilities = ["create", "read", "update", "delete", "list"]
}

# Allow a token to wrap arbitrary values in a response-wrapping token
path "sys/wrapping/wrap" {
    capabilities = ["update"]
}

# Allow a token to look up the creation time and TTL of a given
# response-wrapping token
path "sys/wrapping/lookup" {
    capabilities = ["update"]
}

# Allow a token to unwrap a response-wrapping token. This is a convenience to
# avoid client token swapping since this is also part of the response wrapping
# policy.
path "sys/wrapping/unwrap" {
    capabilities = ["update"]
}

# Allow general purpose tools
path "sys/tools/hash" {
	capabilities = ["update"]
}
path "sys/tools/hash/*" {
	capabilities = ["update"]
}
path "sys/tools/random" {
	capabilities = ["update"]
}
path "sys/tools/random/*" {
	capabilities = ["update"]
}
EOL

# Run the generate command
$ politree generate example.hcl
```

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then,
run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console`
for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`.
To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`,
and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag
for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file
to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Runtime Dependencies

* rgl
* rhcl
* thor

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub
at https://github.com/anouvel/vault_tree_generator. This project is intended
to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected
to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org)
code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of
the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Politree project’s codebases,
issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected
to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/anouvel/vault_tree_generator/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

Add an exemple jpg file in the README

README.md, after:

# Politree

A Ruby gem to generate a tree view of your **HCL** Vault policies files.

[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/politree.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/rb/politree)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/anouvel/politree.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/anouvel/politree)

> This project is really in an earlier development phase, please feel free to
> contribute, share or submit your ideas!

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'politree'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install politree

## Usage

```
# Create a exemple file
$ cat > exemple.hcl << EOL
# Allow tokens to look up their own properties
path "auth/token/lookup-self" {
    capabilities = ["read"]
}

# Allow tokens to renew themselves
path "auth/token/renew-self" {
    capabilities = ["update"]
}

# Allow tokens to revoke themselves
path "auth/token/revoke-self" {
    capabilities = ["update"]
}

# Allow a token to look up its own capabilities on a path
path "sys/capabilities-self" {
    capabilities = ["update"]
}

# Allow a token to renew a lease via lease_id in the request body; old path for
# old clients, new path for newer
path "sys/renew" {
    capabilities = ["update"]
}
path "sys/leases/renew" {
    capabilities = ["update"]
}

# Allow looking up lease properties. This requires knowing the lease ID ahead
# of time and does not divulge any sensitive information.
path "sys/leases/lookup" {
    capabilities = ["update"]
}

# Allow a token to manage its own cubbyhole
path "cubbyhole/*" {
    capabilities = ["create", "read", "update", "delete", "list"]
}

# Allow a token to wrap arbitrary values in a response-wrapping token
path "sys/wrapping/wrap" {
    capabilities = ["update"]
}

# Allow a token to look up the creation time and TTL of a given
# response-wrapping token
path "sys/wrapping/lookup" {
    capabilities = ["update"]
}

# Allow a token to unwrap a response-wrapping token. This is a convenience to
# avoid client token swapping since this is also part of the response wrapping
# policy.
path "sys/wrapping/unwrap" {
    capabilities = ["update"]
}

# Allow general purpose tools
path "sys/tools/hash" {
	capabilities = ["update"]
}
path "sys/tools/hash/*" {
	capabilities = ["update"]
}
path "sys/tools/random" {
	capabilities = ["update"]
}
path "sys/tools/random/*" {
	capabilities = ["update"]
}
EOL

# Run the generate command
$ politree generate example.hcl
```

And get a nice picture of your paths!

  ![exemple](exemples/default.hcl.jpg)


## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then,
run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console`
for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`.
To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`,
and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag
for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file
to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Runtime Dependencies

* rgl
* rhcl
* thor

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub
at https://github.com/anouvel/vault_tree_generator. This project is intended
to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected
to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org)
code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of
the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the Politree project’s codebases,
issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected
to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/anouvel/vault_tree_generator/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
